welcome to meet you are condemned and
your Cinco de Mayo event Mario happy
Cinco de Mayo
have you seen with a mile everybody this
is james you out here in las vegas
nevada in centennial hills where is you
for the fifth annual mitchell akan
secret of miles celebration
bye
Oh
this was the best single two-mile
celebration I've ever been to in my
entire life mr. mark berry and of course
misha lakhani centennial hills we want
to thank you for putting together such
an amazing event with the live mariachi
and of course the authentic gourmet
mexican food everyone feel stuff the
dancers absolutely loved it if you've
never been to one of Mitchell con and
centennial hills Cinco de Mayo
celebration there's always next year
because he missed this year it was
absolutely phenomenal thousands of
people came out everyone had a blast I
absolutely loved it if this is the first
time you've seen any of our episodes
rate comment like subscribe minus the
bracelet Falls and Twitter and until the
next episode we'll talk to everybody
soon
yes let's make one but no sass my lord
rubino me Masha kwangi r modo yo Ted
nagira Korea no second
us on my sermon
already know
mi cielo